1.	Transformation AI Operations 
To develop and build an effective Artificial Intelligence/Machine Learning (AI/ML) platform, our team will develop a framework that identifies clear objectives for the predictive model and an iterative process to process and create the data set it needs to use in order to provide and disseminate results to responsible parties.  This framework will utilize the existing toolchain and cloud environment to develop and execute the key process of identification and assembling of target data which creates the resulting data set for use by the predictive model.  The process of target data collection will utilize AWS S3 cloud-based storage.  Development of cloud-base application(s) will be required to perform the identification and utilize existing ETL (extraction, transformation and loading) tools or create custom ETL tools to process and ready the resulting dataset for training the predictive model.  The resulting dataset will be stored on the cloud such as AWS S3 for ease of access and use by the predictive model.  The predictive model will be developed and trained using feature sets based on the quality and reliability of the data sets.  The predictive results will be evaluated using an iterative process where the results would be extracted and disseminated to leadership for review, decision and action as well as validation of predictive accuracy of the model.
The selection of Transformation AI operation targets for our AI/ML platform would be based on highest cost or execution impact to the customer, ability to leverage customer’s existing toolchain and storage/execution environment, and the availability, quality and reliability of the data to be extracted and transformed to the predictive model’s data set.

2.	Transformation Tier 3 Operations
Based on the AI/ML platform development in the previous paragraph and using the existing toolchain and cloud environment, our team will evaluate the areas that have transitioned from paper to digital to develop or introduce tools to extract and transform the raw data to predictive analytics. For instance, the AI/ML platform could be augmented with an evaluation of comprehensive data mining tools to determine techniques required to explore data for predictive (predicting unknown or future values) and/or descriptive (human-interpreted patterns) utilization.  This added capability will enable the platform to be used on large amounts of text data to create the data set for a ML model to find and visualize critical informational relationships.
